money laundering undermines the
confidence and stability of financial
systems and results in high social and
political costs drug trafficking
corruption tax evasion and other serious
crimes money laundering and terrorist
financing is a serious global issue as
an international financial hub Singapore
is vulnerable to being used as a conduit
for financial crime professionals in the
finance sector critical gate peoples
against illicit money flow together we
can make a difference in this fight The
Wealth Management Institute WMI has
designed an online training series on
anti money laundering to better equip me
for this task the program sponsored by
UBS is supported by the association of
banks in Singapore and the IBF and is
also aligned to the expectations of the
Monetary Authority of Singapore for the
financial industry to deepen competency
in AML risk management you will be
inspired by distinguished leaders senior
practitioners leading academics and
subject matter experts of the wealth
management industry enhanced by
technology these modules enable
professionals like you who are
constantly on the move to access course
materials on-demand anytime anywhere the
AML online modules are accredited by IBM
and will provide you with CPD powers as
required under the client advisory
competency standards The Wealth
Management Institute is an institute of
Nanyang Technological University the
world's top-ranked University Asia and
11th frames are globally as a leading
practice based Education Research
Institute the Bloor mine is
to bring our industry networks faculty
as was research capabilities to the
empty money laundering risk management
program we have carefully curated
contents and insights that go beyond
theory to embrace practical applications
that address current and future threats
faced by the industry whether you are a
private banker assistant banker
compliance of risk management
professional wealth planner trusts
corporate services provider auditor
accountant law enforcement officer legal
professional or just interested to learn
more about anti money laundering
further yourself as a professional
committed to the fight against money
laundering and more importantly to
lifelong learning start your journey
with us today